[13.0][ADD] website_sale_product_assortment: New module to use product assortments on e-commerce (#595)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_product_assortment/README.rst

    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/13.0/website_sale_product_assortment
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-13-0/e-commerce-13-0-website_sale_product_assortment
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/113/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to set e-commerce restrictions on product assortments.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To see this module working, you have to define a product assortment and select

> an option on website availability field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an option on the website availability field.
```

#. **Don't apply restriction**: This option will not set any kind of restriction on 
product items.

> #. **Avoid show products not available**: This option will hide on the e-commerce, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Avoid to show non available products**: This option will hide on the e-commerce, the 
```

products that are not added to the products domain. If a product template has at least
one allowed variant to show, the product will appear on the product items view but only
that variants will be able to be bought. 

> #. **Avoid purchase products not available**: This option will restrict to buy the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Avoid selling not available products**: This option will restrict to buy the 
```

products that are added to the assortment on the e-commerce. To inform the clients,

> two more fields where added, "Message when unavailable" and "Assortment information".
> The first one will add a short description to the product items and sheets and the other
> one will set a detailed description on the products sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two more fields were added: "Message when unavailable" and "Assortment information".
The first one will add a short description to the product item and the other one will set a 
detailed description on the product sheet. This second one is editable from the website editor.
```

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_product_assortment%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

>     * Carlos Roca

Reviewer: Please put me as contributor, being the initial designer.
